then Moses answered and said but suppose
they will not believe me or listen to my
voice suppose they say the Lord has not
appeared to you what is that in your
hand a rod
coasted on the ground so he cast it on
the ground and it became a set and Moses
fled from it and the Lord said to Moses
reach out your hand and take it by the
tail
so Moses reached out his hand and caught
it and it became a rod in his hand
thus they may believe that the Lord God
of their fathers the God of Abraham and
the god of Isaac and the God of Jacob
has appeared to you now put your hand in
your bosom that Moses put his hand in
his bosom when he took it out behold his
hand was leprous like snow
put your hand in your bosom again so he
put his hand in his bosom again and drew
it out of his bosom and hope it was
restored like his other flesh then it
will be if they do not believe you know
heed the message of the first son that
they may believe the message of the
latter side and it shall be if they do
not believe even these two sons or
listen to your voice that you shall take
water from the river and pour it on the
dry land the water which you take from
the river will become blood on the dry
land
neither before nor since you have spoken
to your servant but I am slow of speech
and and and who has made man's mouth or
who makes the mute the death the seeing
or the blind have not I the Lord
now therefore go and I will be with your
mouth and teach you what you shall say
oh but law please send by the hand of
whomever else you may send so the anger
of the Lord was kindled against Moses
is not Aaron the Levite your brother I
know he can speak well and look he is
also coming out to meet you
when he sees you he will be glad in his
heart now you shall speak to him and put
the words in his mouth and I will be
with your mouth and with his mouth and I
will teach you what you shall do so he
shall be your spokesman to the people
and he himself shall be as a mouth for
you and you shall be to him as God and
you shall take this rod in your hand
with which you shall do the silence
[Music]
so Moses went and returned to Jeff throw
his father-in-law and said to him please
let me go and return to my brethren who
are in Egypt and see whether they are
still alive
go in peace
[Music]
now the Lord said to Moses in Midian go
return to Egypt for all the men who
sought your life are dead then Moses
took his wife and his sons and set them
on a donkey and he returned to the land
of Egypt and Moses took the rod of God
in his hand and the Lord said to Moses
when you go back to Egypt see that you
do all those wonders before Pharaoh
which I have put in your hand but I will
harden his heart so that he will not let
the people go then you shall say to
Pharaoh thus says the Lord Israel is my
son my firstborn
so I say to you let my son go that he
may serve me but if you refuse to let
him go
indeed I will kill your son your
firstborn and it came to pass on the way
at the encampment that the Lord met him
and sought to kill him then Zipporah
took a sharp stone and cut off the
foreskin of her son and cast it at Moses
surely you are a husband of blood to me
so he let him go you're a husband of
blood because of the circumcision
and the Lord said to Aaron go into the
wilderness to meet Moses so he went and
met him on the mountain of God and
kissed him so Moses told Aaron all the
words of the Lord who had sent him and
all the signs which he had commanded him
then Moses and Aaron went and gathered
together all the elders of the children
of Israel and Aaron's spoke all the
words which the Lord had spoken to Moses
and he did the signs in the sight of the
people so the people believed and when
they heard that the Lord had visited the
children of Israel and that he had
looked on their reflection then they
bowed their heads and worshiped